This is a solution to exercise 62 and I asked you to create a program that prints hello repeatedly after a
one second first, and after two seconds, three, four, and so increasing the interval by one.
So your output would look like... Hello first is later then one second, and then after two seconds,
and then one two, three, and then one, two, three, and four, so after four seconds, and so on five, and six and so on.
For the solution
again we are using the time module and then we need to set up a counter while loop. We start from i equals
to zero while true. True is always true.
So this loop will be executed infinitely.
So in the first iteration what we do is we increase it by 1 immediately.
So in the first iteration i will be equal to zero plus one equals to one.
So i is one in here.
And so in the first iteration we print hello instantly.
So we haven't applied a sleep method yet.
And so we print hello instantly.
That was the first print in here.
And then we sleep for one second.
And then we go to the next iteration. We increase i by another value, so increase i by 1.
So we get i equals to 2.
We print hello and then we sleep
two seconds and we go again.
We do this right away three equals,
i equals to three. Print hello and so on and so forth.
You could have this expression, maybe in here that would be fine as well.
So you get the same output.
Hello instantly. Hello after one second.
After two seconds, after three seconds and so on, so it's the same thing.
I hope this is clear. I'll talk to you later.